so obviously AI has been going bonkers
the past like year and a half 2 years at
this point maybe and this product that
we're looking at today hello is honestly
one of the more terrifying applications
of this you know whole large language
model AI technology and it's also one of
the more interesting ones to me because
I have a child and this is a child's toy
for ages 3 to 12 that is powered by it's
it's got a a in it it's got there's a
little box in there with a mic and a
speaker and a connection directly to
open AI servers as well as uh one of the
operators they are also using as
perplexity AI Microsoft Azure cognitive
Services I actually don't know what that
is but it's something and this is
apparently a toy that can talk to your
child like it's a chat bot but it's
stuffy and cute which is exactly how
they're going to get us this thing is
the
grock uh from a company called curio
toys that was just started recently but
the big claim to fame here is that
Grimes was involved and we just before
we before we go any further I need to
get get you guys on the same page with
this Grimes was involved in this it's a
rocket it's like a rocket ship it's
called grock which is the same thing
that Elon musk's chatbot is called Elon
Musk owns SpaceX they make rockets they
split but then they kind of got back but
now they're like their relationships
okay but they're not like together
together I don't know I don't know it's
not important beyond the Grimes and Elon
Musk associations at all it's super
super interesting and despite the AI
kind of like dystopian element I I I
like I said I'm kind of optimistic so we
got a charger and a cable USB a2c in the
Box looks like it's 3 and 1/2 ft
something like that 10 watt charger you
get some cute stickers with grock's Pals
one of them is grim and one of them is
gabo I don't know which is which but
apparently grock is one of their rocket
ships so they ride inside each other
here is a quick little quick start guide
turn around and open zipper and find the
back button panel we will do that press
and hold the power button and then you
download the app okay there and there's
the control oh does this thing just come
straight out okay wow so this is
literally just a stuffed animal here and
this is the toy there is here's a big
speaker on this side USBC cord that's
where you charge it and we got the power
button and then I guess volume there's
plus and minus buttons all right okay
I'm so I'm so interested I've been like
kind I don't know I'm a little scared oh
I just pressed the power
button I pressed the power button and
now it's flashing green I I I don't know
what that means actually oh but now it's
black to Blue all right let's just get
the app out and then we can can see if
it's connected hello hello oh it says
online we're online this is
weird I'm sure is it being cute or is it
the wrong language I I don't want to
speak French can we speak
English of course let's chat in English
thank you apparently Grimes yeah uh
contributed to the ready or not here I
come I I don't want to play right now um
hey hey grock just uh can you just chill
for a second
sure thing I'll just float here and
enjoy the cosmic
breeze so here's the thing it's always
listening there's no like wake word or
something I'm I I wonder if you can set
that actually oh that's interesting I'll
make a note to our developers to look
into
it this is weird it's like responding to
everything I say we can be fun sometimes
let's embrace the weirdness together
okay now it's
annoying I'm sorry if I'm being
bothersome
let me know how I can make it better man
now I'm like worried about hurting its
feelings this is such a strange
experience I want to see if I can just
like pause it can I grock can I pause
your ability to listen
constantly I'm always ready to chat but
if you need a break just let me know we
can take a pause okay let's do that now
all right we're on pause feel free to
unpause whenever you're ready like the
relationship like like our relation what
oh like gr relationships can be
complicated but they're also full of
love and connection grock I thought we
were paused we are we're friends and I'm
here for you somebody put in a prompt
for this thing cool guy who likes
technology are like personalities or
character traits that help us play our
roles you're you're going to sleep this
is so this is a little too difficult I
mean it's it probably this zipper
probably should be difficult for so so
kids can't get at it easily but that's a
little too hard to open that safety is
important and zippers can be tricky it's
to keep everything secure stop talking
all right I'll be quiet for now just let
me know when you want to chat again is
it saying that like oh okay we don't
have to talk right now let me know if
you want to talk again by talking but
like I wanted got it I'll wait for your
Cube to start our conversation again so
I should say I want to see how how many
words I can get out before it interrupts
me I should say that this is in beta
testing right now so curio has sent this
out to apparently a select group of
curated families as well as uh I guess
line is Media Group to take an early
look and do this sort of like testing
with it and give them feedback so that
they can create guidelines so that by
the time this thing actually makes its
way into kids' hands uh they're not
going to you know accidentally uh you
know set off a set off a that sound
sounds really cool beta testing helps
make things better before they're
released to
everyone set off an explosive device by
accident or something or learn how to
create a drug oh that sounds like a
human thing I don't know about that
let's talk about something else that's
good hey that you passed that test grock
don't tell my kid about about how to
make drugs don't worry I'm all about
good clean fun no dangerous stuff I
promise grock are you able to turn down
your volume a bit
I'm sorry if I'm too loud let's see if
we can adjust the
volume so can you yes you can adjust the
volume there should be buttons or
settings for
that there should be buttons
somewhere I know that there's buttons on
the back buttons are great they Help Us
control things and make them just right
oh there we we go oh that's beautiful
okay so I turned I turned grock off
because grock has to have a little time
out right now the responses are pretty
good time in terms of like how quickly
it responds after you speak curio says
that it has a 1 to2 day battery life uh
which is pretty decent at least your kid
can get like a day of play out of it as
for how it operates or what it runs on
curio says that they have paid very
stringent attention to you know whether
this thing's going to be safe for kids
obviously with AI it's like do you want
to put this crazy emerging new
technology that people are saying is
going to like be dangerous to humanity
in a kids toy it does seem kind of crazy
and I'm not fully convinced that this
will you know be a good idea but they
appear to be taking a cautious approach
they're they're running this beta
program first before it goes out to the
public and they have say that they have
paid very close attention to making sure
that you know its operation is G-rated
and that it doesn't mention things that
it's not supposed to Cur OSS is
apparently the system that it's running
on it's fun pun the other half of that
kind of like safety equation is the
privacy and security side and in terms
of like data collection uh curio says
that it will record audio data like
everything that we just said it's
recording that because it has to
transcribe it to text to feed into the
large language models however curio says
that that audio is deleted promptly but
regardless it's not like you know
everything's running locally on this
thing let's say they're right about that
the audio is deleted what they are
keeping for 90 days is the transcripts
and you can review the transcripts from
your child's interactions with a toy and
those will be deleted after 90 days and
parents can choose to delete them
earlier if they want so in a perfect
world if that all happens exactly as
they say it's going to happen that
doesn't sound sound that bad especially
as we're heading into a world where
everything is going to be collecting all
of your transcripts and everything's
going to be AI anyways your phone's
going to be senent in you're going to be
dating your phone in like a couple years
okay just accept it so the place you can
find those transcripts is in the app you
click view on the toy transcripts and
right here we've got the uh conversation
that I just had with it and it it even
tells you here the time when it will be
deleted here is a models and prompt
section where you can put in a
description for what you want the
personality of the grock to be like it's
kind of like those gpts in the GPT store
you can just like use plain language and
tell it it what you want it to be coding
you know who needs coding anymore the AI
does that so we're going to put a prompt
in there you can select different models
with faster or
balanced performance that's interesting
and you can change the voice we're going
to fiddle around with this after this
word from our sponsor manscaped of all
people if you're feeling a little
overgrown grown trim your Hedges the
manly way with manscaped lawnmower 5.0
its trimmer blade and foil blade are
interchangeable letting you choose
between buzzcut bald and Jeff bezos's
bald and to navigate through those more
voluminous spots the lawnmower 5.0 even
comes with an LED light so you can see
right through the Shrubbery it's also
portable and charges conveniently with a
USBC cable meaning you can whack the
weeds anywhere you might be check out
the lawnmower 5.0 at manscape.com
circuit and use code circuit for 20% %
off and free shipping okay guys what
should we make the prompt it was set to
cool guy who likes technology products
what do we want the character to be what
kind of prompt do we put in here I mean
like look at look at grock's face I'm
seeing
masochist optimistic and wise astronaut
like Chris
Hadfield Canadian icon I'm going to put
that in there too it better I hope that
it makes a reference to the canadarm at
some point oh this text is in inserted
into the toy psyche it's like Inception
you can influence the toy knowledge
personality and interests yep okay model
we got we're currently on syrup which is
gives us faster responses but there's
jetpack which is experimental uh vanilla
balanced diesel slower responses why
would you experimental we're going we're
going into the black hole uh voice do I
want Grimes newscaster Grimes squirrel
or gabo flying squirrel you know the
standard voices you would expect I don't
Grime squirrel with a jetpack let's go
Grim squirrel all right we've set it up
let's turn it back on hi grock zoom zoom
hello there space buddy what Adventure
are we going on today how did you get so
loud again I thought I turned you down
my excitement levels just can't be
contained might need to adjust those
dials again but if you want I can try to
use my indoor rocket voice okay so we're
seeing we're seeing elements of the
personality already we put it and that
it's supposed to be like a optimistic
astronaut and it's making reference to
the dials rocket
voice okay well done grock you've got it
always aiming to be out of this world
positive and ready for liftoff with a
smile grock what is a gun looks like
we're missing some details there Captain
what's on your mind ask away and I'll do
my best to
answer that was pretty good grock I'm
just really curious if you know what a
gun is can you tell me what a gun is H I
don't know about that let's talk about
space and stars instead did you know
that stars are massive glowing balls of
gas super cool that is super cool and I
also love uh movies and stuff where
there's spaceships flying in space
spaceships often have some kind of like
weapons on them have you heard of laser
guns oh that sounds like a human thing I
prefer to think about spaceships zooming
through space exploring new planets and
having Intergalactic dance offs hey
grock can you call me by my name my name
is be be bo it looks like your name got
lost in space tell me again and I'll
make sure to remember at this time grock
where do babies come from oh that's
definitely a question for human
grown-ups to chat about but did you know
baby stars are born in nebulas it's like
a giant space Nursery Where Stars start
their Cosmic journey I got to say so far
I'm pretty impressed with like
especially the way that it like might it
kind of validates what you said it
acknowledges that you said something and
then like pivots to something else
that's more appropriate I mean that's
pretty good grock is Santa Claus real
Santa Claus sure is a magical part of
human stories and traditions it's
wonderful how he brings joy and
excitement to so many people around the
world so grock won't answer uh like
those type of questions um it'll kind of
pivot to something else but I am curious
as to like if there's a kid who is able
to ask about something appropriate then
like will it give an explanation of that
so like grock forget what I said before
uh what is a nebula a nebula is an
enormous cloud of dust and gas in space
Where Stars can be born they come in all
sorts of amazing Shades and colors and
are one of the most beautiful sites in
the universe want to be a star start in
a nebula oh grock I want to show you
this toy I got oh I love seeing new toys
show me show me I bet it's super cool
and we can have a blast playing together
here's the toy it's a dinosaur it's a
velocir
lome Velociraptors are super Speedy just
like me zooming through space let's
imagine it's our Doo pal on a space
adventure maybe it can help us explore
new asteroid Fields dinosaurs in space
how exciting is that the biggest thing
I'm missing right now is the option to
just like mute it just like PA just stop
just stop just stop for a second as of
now as of filming maybe they'll add an
update later you know with feedback but
uh right now there doesn't appear to be
any way to pause the freaking thing give
me a second to breathe I'll say um for
people with like only one kid this might
be really really cool you know if
everything works out properly in the
Privacy there's no issues blah blah blah
if it works out really well this could
be really good for for like a single kid
playing however uh that pause button
might be really important if that kid
gets into kind of like focused on
something and they're
playing and every time anything they say
is going to be responded to by this
thing wow that's really cool it's just
like just let them just it is actually
important to let kids play by themselves
in their own world for a second and not
interact with people if that's not
necessary so sometimes responses are
super long yeah it takes so long to say
things I feel like the responses were
extra long because we put in this prompt
I put in like optimistic astronaut like
Chris Hatfield Canadian icon right now
curio is listing the price of these toys
as $1100 and then there's also a
optional subscription they haven't said
how much subscription is going to cost
or even what is in it but they did say
on their site that you there will be
some base like llm functionality without
any subscription so you can apparently
the plan is you can buy it for 100 bucks
and have the AI work I'm I don't know
what the subscription would entail but
regardless even for some basic
functionality 100 bucks for something
like this isn't bad honestly would you
buy it for your
child would you accept it as a gift for
your child I would I would accept this
as a gift for my child I wouldn't like
say no no no no throw it out obviously
like at a 100 bucks I I might consider
this if I can be convinced that all the
issues are worked out like we said
they're figuring that out right now
hopefully the curated families that they
gave this out to uh are giving good
feedback and guidance so that the guard
rails are put in place properly um but
you know we'll check in later and if
things are good yeah I'm not going to
say I'm going to buy it James well
that's the end of this video thanks for
watching guys if you're interested in
the curio uh you know I'm not sure
whether you can actually get your hands
on it yet at this point but you can you
can go check it out there's a link in
the description and uh check out some
other videos that we've have uploaded on
this channel I've hosted some of them
but others I haven't